Be honest. Doesn't it drive you
absolutely crazy? Every time a
groundbreaking AI tool drops, whether
it's OpenAI's Sora or Google's VO, it's
either locked behind a wait list or it's
so expensive that we simply cannot
afford it. These giant companies want
you to waste thousands of dollars. But
today, I'm going to bypass the entire
system. I found a secret dashboard in
the dark corners of the internet where
both of these giants, yes, Sora 2.0 and
VO 3.1 are running in one single place.
completely free. And inside this tool,
there is a hidden model with a name that
might make you laugh. Nano Banana. But
don't you dare laugh because in the next
few minutes, this banana is about to
throw your expensive midjourney and
runway subscriptions straight into the
trash. And wait, at the end of this
video, I will show you a Gmail.hack that
lets you loot this tool with one single
email [music] for life. Let's hack the
system. First, write down the name of
this tool, Dun AI. It is brand new. So,
it is currently in user acquisition
mode, which means they are giving away
everything for free. Look at the
dashboard. Hidden right here is our Nano
Banana. Weird name, right? But look at
the performance. I am entering a prompt.
A cinematic cyborg meditating in neon
rain 8K resolution. Boom. Check the
detailing. Look at that lighting. This
quality isn't just competing with
Midjourney's $30 plan. It is destroying
it. We use Nano Banana to create the
base image. Now, let's bring it to life.
Here's where the magic starts. We are
not going to another website. Stay on
this dashboard and click the motion tab.
Open the model list. Believe your own
eyes. Sora 2.0 and Veo 3.1. Both are
unlocked. People are begging for access
to these and we are using them here for
free. I am selecting Sora 2.0. I will
upload that same nano banana image and
hit generate. It only took 30 credits.
And look at the result. This is not a
glitchy AI video. This is the Sora
engine. Look at how smooth that movement
is. You can do the exact same thing with
VO 3.1. The video is ready, but we have
one problem. this giant ugly watermark.
If this stays here, the video won't look
professional. So, do we go to another
website? No. Inside Digen AI, there's a
hidden tool called watermark remover.
Just upload your video here. Select deep
clean and gone. The video is crystal
clear. Now, this footage belongs to you.
Upload it to YouTube or Instagram and
nobody will ever catch that it was made
with a free tool. Now, friends, listen
very carefully. Digging gives you 300
free credits to start using Sora and the
remover will burn through these credits.
So, do we stop? Do we create new emails?
Absolutely not. I am going to show you
the gmail.tick. Here's how to fool the
system. Let's say your email is
esimmalade@gmail.com.
When your credits run out, log out. Go
back to sign up. Enter the exact same
email, but this time add a dot right in
the middle like this. E.Sile@gmail.com.
Dejen will think you are a brand new
user, but the OTP will land right inside
your original inbox. Verify the account
and boom, you have got 300 credits back.
Next time, shift the dot again.
s.mmyot@gmail.com
300 credits again one email thousands of
accounts unlimited access as long as
this trick is working squeeze every drop
out of it guys this combination of
nanobanana and the dot trick is a gold
mine right now but it won't stay free
for long I have put the direct link in
the pinned comment go and create your
videos before they patch this loop if
this trick blew your mind smash that
like button and comment unlimited down
below I will see you in the next video
with another loophole